mount: add --mkdir example (#9555)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mount.md

`mount -t {{filesystem_type}} {{path/to/device_file}} {{path/to/target_directory}}`

> - Create the target directory if it does not exist and mount a device to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a specific directory if it does not exist and mount a device to it:
```

Optional change: `a specific` may sound better.
